README: add Forum (#1525)
ansible/vscode-ansible: docs/README.md

community.

### Forum

Join the [Ansible Forum](https://forum.ansible.com) as a single starting point
and our default communication platform for questions and help, development
discussions, events, and much more.
[Register](https://forum.ansible.com/signup?) to join the community. Search by
categories and tags to find interesting topics or start a new one; subscribe
only to topics you need!

- [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.
  Please add appropriate tags if you start new discussions, for example
  `vscode-ansible`.
- [Posts tagged with 'vscode-ansible'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/vscode-ansible):
  subscribe to participate in project-related conversations.
- [Social Spaces](https://forum.ansible.com/c/chat/4): gather and interact with
  fellow enthusiasts.
- [News & Announcements](https://forum.ansible.com/c/news/5): track project-wide
  announcements including social events. The
  [Bullhorn newsletter](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#the-bullhorn),
  which is used to announce releases and important changes, can also be found
  here.

> For more information on the forum navigation, see
> [Navigating the Ansible forum](https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39)
> post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `Navigating the Ansible forum <https://forum.ansible.com/t/navigating-the-ansible-forum-tags-categories-and-concepts/39>`_ for some practical advice on finding your way around.
```
